.\" Manual for wmrc.
.TH "wmrc" 1 "12 April 2020" "wmrc 1.1" "wmrc manual"

.SH NAME
.B wmrc
\- simple modular window manager extensions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmrc
[-l, --dry-run] [-g, --debug] <section>
.br
.B wmrc
-r, --run-module <module> | -v, --vars <variable>
.br
.B wmrc
-d, --deps | -m, --missing-deps | -h, --help

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
wmrc is a shell utility for extending window manager \
capabilities using modules with dependency and error checking.

.SH OPTIONS
.HP
.B -l, --dry-run
.br
Show defined variables and section's module \
execution order insead of running them.

.HP
.B -g, --debug
.br
Debugging mode in which all modules are loaded \
sequentualy (as if they all had async_lock \
flag enabled). This mode is useful for debugging.

.HP
.B -r, --run-module
.br
Run specified module in wmrc environment. Syntax \
for parameters is same as in the configuration file.

.HP
.B -d, --deps
.br
List of all commands required by modules. \
This will not show software package names \
that provide respective commands in $PATH.

.HP
.B -m, --missiong-deps
.br
Similar to previous option, but for only \
displaying missing commands.

.HP
.B -v, --vars
.br
Get values of variables defined in the \
configuration file.

.HP
.B -h, --help
.br
Show usage manual.

.SH CONFIGURATION:
.SS Environment variable:
%variable_name = value
.SS Values:
[a-zA-Z0-9_]
.SS Section:
[section@hostname:position]
.br
directory1/module1(parameters...),module2
.br
directory2/module3,*
.br
directory3/*
.PP
.B Positions:
before, after, replace
.SS Parameters (Perl regex):
[a-zA-Z0-9_-], 'String with spaces'
.SS Comments:
# Example comment

.SH MODULES:
.SS Dependencies:
Include a comment at the top of the module formatted as:
.br
# WMRC_DEPS: dependencies ...

.SS Flags:
Include a comment at the top of the module formatted as:
.br
# WMRC_FLAGS: flags ...

.SS Supported flags:
.HP
.B async_lock
.br
Prevent subsequent modules  from loading until the script finishes.
.HP
.B required
.br
Prevent subsequent modules from loading if the script fails.
